[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a fantasy mystery
thriller film
serenity spoiler ahead watch out and
take care
laker is a fishing boat captain living a
quiet and isolated life
in a small island named plymouth while
making his living by leading tours off
the island during the peak seasons
he spends most of his time fishing and
is obsessed with catching a giant
yellowfin tuna someday in his life
which however turns to be his biggest
regret so far
for he has failed at so many times in
the past years
driven by his obsession he even offends
the tourist sunday
by grabbing their fishing rod to do the
fishing himself
believing that he's going to catch his
first long dream tuna
but ends up losing the fishing rod to
the sea
due to barker's bad reputation in
service many clients refuse to rent his
boat anymore
as a result of the client loss barker
can't afford his daily expenses
fortunately poor in cash though he's
pretty rich in hormones
he then figures out a shortcut to go
through a hard time by appeasing some
soul lonely
but hormone wanted housewives
the lonely barker is haunted by pieces
of memories of his lovely son
who however seems to have parted away
with the father long ago
and never meets him again after his
living on the small island
frustrated by another boring day without
any harvest at sea
parker visits a local bar and grabs some
drinks
right then his ex-wife karen tracks him
down and begs him to save her and their
young son
from her new husband it's revealed that
barker joined the military
not long after the birth of their son
but their marriage didn't last long
he got divorced from karen who's later
married to a new husband
after his retirement parker moved to
live alone on the current island
and never leaves there karen's new
husband powerful and rich though
turns to be violently abusive to karen
and her son
karen tries to run away many times from
his domestic violence
but to no success because of that
karen offers barker 10 million dollars
to murder her husband on the boat
she promises to arrange a fishing trip
for her husband
as the perfect opportunity for barker to
throw him overboard
which would eventually free herself and
their lovely son who she believes now
is prone to autism due to the
stepfather's violence
and tends to lock himself up all day
long with computer game programming
while torn between his conscience and
his desire to help karen
barker is hesitating but later
astonished to notice that
people in the town have soon learned of
the plan and they all seem to wait for
his final decision
under the plan the rich husband is later
brought to the small island someday
barker takes him out for a fishing tour
at sea while karen waits anxiously on
shore for his good news
but it turns out barker makes the
husband enjoy a good harvest day
rather than carry out any plan
disappointed greatly by his return
though
karen has to hide her true feelings
before her husband
who however gets lit by the harvest and
thus books barker for another fishing
trip
the next day later that night the angry
karen visits barker again for the same
plan
and reminds him not to miss the last
good chance tomorrow
but barker seems still undecided
believing that the best strategy to
remove the hesitations of this hormone
rich man
is to pump out all his hormones karen
then invites him to play a violent
but fast hormone let go game
two minutes later as expected barker
promises to execute the plan
while claiming that it's not for her but
their suffering son
right after karen's leaving a foreign
guy shows up suddenly
and tells barker it's his best chance to
catch his dream tuna tomorrow
rather than kill somebody frightened by
the stranger
barker then challenges the four-eyed guy
with a knife who however reveals to him
that plymouth island is just a computer
game
created by his son where barker and
other inhabitants of this island are
merely artificial intelligence
characters
and the game objective designed for him
is to catch his long dream
tuna the guy explains further that while
playing as a non-player character
himself
he has to ensure every character follows
the programmed plots
and stop the killing which is not
supposed to happen in the original game
finding it hard to trust his smelly
[ __ ] barker bursts into anger
and kicks the four-eyed guy out of his
house
the next early morning however barker
awakens minutes earlier than the alarm
time
but only finds that he can't get up and
control his body
until the alarm rings in fear he checks
the map
but only to find a lonely island with
nothing around
what's worse he can't even remember how
and since when he's come to the island
he's horrified when he recalls what's
been told by the forehead guy last night
and begins to doubt whether to continue
the plan especially when learning that
people are all trying to stop him from
doing that
to impede his plan they even attack the
husband at the hotel and make him badly
injured
attempting to make him physically unable
to go out fishing
he later turns to challenge the bar
manager wondering why everybody wants to
stop the murder
but to his surprise manager comes to a
halt with no response at all
just like a dead computer program
causing him to finally
realize that he's just an ai character
in a virtual world
devastated barker gets himself drunk at
a beach
the forehead guy shows up and tries to
convince him not to do the murder
the guy explains that his helpless son
designs this fishing game
as a way to memorize his father and also
to escape the violence from his
stepfather in reality
the son however seems unable to
withstand the violence anymore
and thus changes the game objective for
barker from fishing to killing the
stepfather instead
knowing that he has to do something for
his poor son
parker decides to go along with the
objective of killing the stepfather
and russia's back to continue continuous
plan
on the other side while taking care of
the injured husband
karen gets him drunk with alcohol
intentionally and drags him to the boat
together with the coming barker
not long after that as the three reach
somewhere at the vast sea
barker begins to throw a large number of
baits into the sea water
and sits the poor husband with a fishing
rod
the two want to execute the plan
subsequently but to no success
due to a boy being sent there by the
game program to stop their murder
however when noticing a giant fish bites
the hook
the two figure out a way to bypass the
program limitation
to kill the husband they tie the heavily
drunk husband to the fishing rod
causing him to be dragged off the boat
by the violent fish
which is believed to be barker's dream
giant tuna
as barker achieves his objective in the
virtual world
in real life however the sun while
sitting before the computer
screen full of running program codes
stands up slowly
and leaves the room with a knife in hand
days later the news reports an accident
caused by the boy
who killed his heavily drunk stepfather
to save the mother from ongoing domestic
violence
it's also revealed that the boy's
biological father served in the army
and died very soon in iraq the boy is
charged with murder
but is released into his mother's
custody for justifiable defense
indicating that after bypassing the
human world limitation
the boy also achieves his objective in
real life
he later designs a new computer game in
which he and his father are reunited
this is daniel cc movie channel bye